
QuantLib: the free/open-source library for quantitative finance
===============================================================

The QuantLib project (<http://quantlib.org>) is aimed at providing a
comprehensive software framework for quantitative finance. QuantLib is
a free/open-source library for modeling, trading, and risk management
in real-life.

QuantLib is Non-Copylefted Free Software and OSI Certified Open Source
Software.


Download and usage
------------------

QuantLib can be downloaded from <http://quantlib.org/download.shtml>;
installation instructions are available at
<http://quantlib.org/install.shtml> for most platforms.

Documentation for the usage and the design of the QuantLib library is
available from <http://quantlib.org/docs.shtml>.

A list of changes for each past versions of the library can be
browsed at <http://quantlib.org/reference/history.html>.


Questions and feedback
----------------------

Bugs can be reported as a GitHub issue at
<https://github.com/lballabio/QuantLib/issues>; if you have a patch
available, you can open a pull request instead (see "Contributing"
below).

You can also use the `quantlib-users` and `quantlib-dev` mailing lists
for feedback, questions, etc.  More information and instructions for
subscribing are at <http://quantlib.org/mailinglists.shtml>.


Contributing
------------

The easiest way to contribute is through pull requests on GitHub.  Get
a GitHub account if you don't have it already and clone the repository
at <https://github.com/lballabio/QuantLib> with the "Fork" button in the
top right corner of the page. Check out your clone to your machine,
code away, push your changes to your clone and submit a pull request;
instructions are available at
<https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo>.  (In case you need
them, more detailed instructions for creating pull requests are at
<https://help.github.com/articles/using-pull-requests>, and a basic
guide to GitHub is at
<https://guides.github.com/activities/hello-world/>.

It's likely that we won't merge your code right away, and we'll ask
for some changes instead. Don't be discouraged! That's normal; the
library is complex, and thus it might take some time to become
familiar with it and to use it in an idiomatic way.

We're looking forward to your contributions.

